🔖(dogwood/3/fun) bump to dogwood.3-fun-1.12.0 (#218)
openfun/openedx-docker: releases/dogwood/3/fun/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [dogwood.3-fun-1.12.0] - 2020-04-07

### Added

> - Add `django-redis-sentinel-redux` to make possible the use of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `django-redis-sentinel-redux` to allow the use of
```
